DOCS: Samples Overview proofreading for 22.2 (#14086)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md

## Media Files Available for Samples

To run the sample applications, use images and videos available online in the [test data storage](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data).

## Samples that Support Pre-Trained Models

To run the sample, use [public](@ref omz_models_group_public) or [Intel's](@ref omz_models_group_intel) pre-trained models from Open Model Zoo. The models can be downloaded using [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader).

## Build the Sample Applications

### <a name="build-samples-linux"></a>Build the Sample Applications on Linux

The supported Linux build environment includes

* Ubuntu 18.04 LTS 64-bit or Ubuntu 20.04 LTS 64-bit,
* GCC 7.5.0 (for Ubuntu 18.04) or GCC 9.3.0 (for Ubuntu 20.04),
* CMake version 3.10 or higher.

> **NOTE**: For building samples from the open source version of OpenVINO™ toolkit, see the [build instructions on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingCode).

To build the C or C++ sample applications for Linux, go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/c` or `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/cpp` directory, respectively, and run the `build_samples.sh` script:
```sh
build_samples.sh
```

> Once the build has been completed, sample binaries can be find in the following folders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the build has been completed, sample binaries can be found in the following folders:
```

* C samples - `~/inference_engine_c_samples_build/intel64/Release`
* C++ samples - `~/inference_engine_cpp_samples_build/intel64/Release`

> Also sample applications can be build manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, sample applications can be built manually:
```

make
```

> The sample application binaries can be find in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample application binaries can be found in:
```

* Microsoft Visual Studio 2019
* CMake version 3.10 or higher

> **NOTE**: Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 requires installation of CMake 3.14 or higher.

To build C or C++ sample applications on Windows, go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>\samples\c` or `<INSTALL_DIR>\samples\cpp` directory, respectively, and run the `build_samples_msvc.bat` batch file:
```sh
build_samples_msvc.bat
```

By default, the script automatically detects the highest Microsoft Visual Studio version installed on the machine and uses it to create and build a solution for a sample code.

> Once the build has been completed, sample binaries can be find in the following folders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the build has been completed, sample binaries will be in the following folders:
```

* C samples - `C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Intel\OpenVINO\inference_engine_c_samples_build\intel64\Release`
* C++ samples - `C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Intel\OpenVINO\inference_engine_cpp_samples_build\intel64\Release`

> Generated solution can also be build manually. For example, to build C++ sample binaries in Debug configuration, run the suitable version of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A generated solution can also be built manually. For example, to build C++ sample binaries in Debug configuration, run the suitable version of the
```

Microsoft Visual Studio and open the generated solution file from the `C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Intel\OpenVINO\inference_engine_cpp_samples_build\Samples.sln`
directory.

### <a name="build-samples-macos"></a>Build the Sample Applications on macOS*

The officially supported macOS build environment is the following:

* macOS 10.15 64-bit or higher
* Clang compiler from Xcode 10.1 or higher
* CMake version 3.13 or higher

> **NOTE**: To learn how to build samples from the open-source version of OpenVINO™ toolkit, see the [build instructions on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingCode).

To build C or C++ sample applications for macOS, go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/c` or `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/cpp` directory, respectively, and run the `build_samples.sh` script:
```sh
build_samples.sh
```

> Once the build has been completed, sample binaries can be find in the following folders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the build has been completed, sample binaries will be in the following folders:
```

* C samples - `~/inference_engine_c_samples_build/intel64/Release`
* C++ samples - `~/inference_engine_cpp_samples_build/intel64/Release`

> The sample applications can also be build manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample applications can also be built manually:
```
